Mention package:web on web getting started page (#5782)
dart-lang/site-www: src/content/web/get-started.md

<i class="material-symbols">web</i>
To create the same web app from an IDE that has Dart integration,
[create a project]({{site.flutter}}/tools/vs-code#creating-a-new-project)
using the template named **Bare-bones Web App**.

The web app template imports [`package:web`][], Dart's powerful and concise web

> interop solution built for the modern web. You can learn more about it
> [here](/interop/js-interop/package-web).

Reviewer: Try to avoid "here" if possible:

```suggestion
interop solution built for the modern web. To learn more about it, check out the
[web interop overview](/interop/js-interop/package-web).
```

Author: Thank you!
